Week 14: Coding Literacy and Coding Otherwise 
Homework – Journal Entry on Github: 
Before doing any text reading: Just simply take a moment to write/reflect about “What is literacy and what does it mean to call computer programming a literacy?” (around 250 words)
After reading the assigned text: What are the new thoughts that come to you and help problematising the notion of coding literacy?  Which quotes or sentences inspire you to think more? (around 350 words, or more if you like)*We want to encourage you to add academic references and quotes into the text too.

The ability to read and write, in my opinion, is the ability to input and output words, and words here can also represent knowledge. The ability to identify, understand, interpret, create, communicate, calculate and use printed or handwritten material relevant to different situations, as defined by the United Nations. Literacy involves a continuous learning process that enables individuals to achieve their goals, develop their knowledge and potential, and participate fully in a wider society. To program a computer to read and write is to have the ability to input and output code, to have knowledge of programming, and to apply it.
“Coding (noun) is a type of literacy, and programming is re-coding (verb) literacy.10 That is, computer programming is augmenting an already diverse array of communication skills important in everyday life, and because of the computer’s primary role in all digital literacies, programming’s augmentation of literacy funda- mentally reconfigures it. ”
“When literacy includes coding, the ways we experience, teach, and move with our indi- vidual skills, social paradigms, communication technologies, and informa- tion all shift.”
Computer programming has built much of our modern communications, and people’s employment, health records, and citizenship are now codified in computer databases, meaning that computer programming has permeated our lives and is relevant to everyone from birth. And if computer programming is considered as important as literacy in education, the diversity of uses for computer programming will proliferate. At a time when the bar for learning programming is getting lower, the ability to use computer code to write symbols and communicate text will be widely used in the future if programming as a reading and writing ability can help prepare us for a possible future.
